1. Open [start.spring.io](start.spring.io) and set all dependencies / build tool type / spring version / java version etc and download the starter repository.
2. We defined POJOs for JPA Entities (Book & Author) inside the java folder located in `src > main > java > com > example > appName > domain`. (POJO: Plain Old Java Object. Contains Fields, Getters & Setters (these can be generated automatically in VSCode by `right click > source action.. > generate getters and setters`) with no such restriction or rules to adhere to)
3. We Defined a Many to Many Relationship between the two objects. Following insights might help:
    - In JPA, the owning side of a Many-to-Many relationship is responsible for managing the relationship and defining the join table, while the inverse side simply maps the relationship to the owning side. The mappedBy attribute in the @ManyToMany annotation in the Author entity specifies the field in the owning side (Book entity) that maps to the relationship.
    - By specifying mappedBy = "authors" in the @ManyToMany annotation of the Author entity, you are telling JPA that the authors field in the Book entity is the owning side of the relationship, and that it should use the author_book join table defined in the Book entity to manage the relationship. This means that you do not need to define another @JoinTable annotation in the Author entity, as the relationship and join table are already defined in the Book entity. JPA will automatically create the join table and manage the Many-to-Many relationship between Author and Book entities based on the annotations in the Book entity.
4. Equality for two objects (as determined by hibernate) may affect many operations run on an entity, thus we define the `equals` and the `hashcode` methods on an entity (this can be generated automatically in VSCode by `right click > source action.. > equals & hashcode`).